At that time, Lao Li Tou was attracted to the topic.
He died on the spot, but Wu Laoliu didn't notice and thought he was still alive.
In fact, it was because Old Li Tou had begun to change.
I told them to run away in order to stay,
Make a deal with him, and this deal is for you,
So you asked me to make a commitment to marry him,
Use my support to support him,
Yes, I won’t retreat,
What was that? Not long after you were born,
I discovered that your fate is in a hurry,
Fate wave invites death, I'm afraid you want it early,
It just so happens that he needs someone,
Take his mouthless Korean jade with you
I agreed
Then use blessing
Let him not do the opposite
Support you with silverware
This time I let you live safely to adulthood
in exchange
He will suppress the labor head's silverware
Let him live 18 more years
So what does this have to do with my marriage?
At that time he was afraid that we would be upset and ruined
Just let me write down your birth eight children
I want to settle a ghost with you
But I don't know either
Your real born eight son
Just wrote one without any nonsense
So this marriage
Grandpa who is not established
what do you mean
Maybe you don’t know my birth horoscope?
From the time you understood
I'll tell you
Your parents died long ago
Actually it's because
I don't know who your parents are either.
I will never have a wife or two in my life
Until I saw you on the 18th New Year's Day
I'm desperate
Treat you as a relative in case of emergency
I choose you, don’t blame me
At that time, I thought you wouldn’t survive more than three thousand years.
Besides making a deal with him
I force my grandpa without a suite
Don't say that
How could I blame you
My whole life
They also support themselves
I can only be locked in the prison. I didn't expect it.
He actually came out
I gave you pessimistic customer service back then
It's to protect your immigration
Don't let him take away your livelihood
but who knows
You caught his hijab in your dream and turned around
Grandpa at the last origin
Then am I
He can become a bad person with him
Maybe there is another way
What can be done
Someone took my place at that time
Let the smoke you dug out burn before it's gone
Just treat it like a scene
He has me dead
Will give up
you how do you know
mark my words
Never shut up with anyone
Since it’s for Xiaoxuan
Official customer service
Not yet
That woman wants to have sex with him
Let’s go back to the Imperial District
Take the opportunity to kill him
The little Xuanjia still has no ability to protect himself
What should I do if I have an accident?
Then let him get up now
Finish opening the ancient books
You can't go out until it's over
Close the already deep bloodshed
He can't marry a normal girl anyway
Isn’t it just a Bo Yi Bo or something?